Org Groups Doc Updates (#37430)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/organizational_groups.md

---
title: Organizational Groups
description: Centrally manage roles, policies, and users across multiple Datadog organizations with Organizational Groups.
aliases:
  - /account_management/organization_groups/
further_reading:
- link: "/account_management/multi_organization/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Managing Multiple-Organization Accounts"
- link: "/account_management/organization_topology/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Organization Topology"
- link: "/account_management/rbac/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Role Based Access Control (RBAC)"
---

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/organization-groups/" header="Organizational Groups is in Preview">}}

>   Organizational Groups is in preview. Request access to try it out.

Reviewer: The callout header says "in Preview"; match it here.

```suggestion
  Organizational Groups is in Preview. Request access to try it out.
```

{{< /callout >}}

> ## Overview

Reviewer: `Overview` is a vague heading per the style guide, and this one-sentence section overlaps with the next section's opener. what if we merge it into the intro or use a more specific heading? this is minor though. flagging for consistency.

> For organizations that remain multi-organization, Organizational Groups introduces centralized governance across organizations, reducing the operational cost that makes multi-organization expensive.

Reviewer: "reducing the operational cost that makes multi-organization expensive" is slightly circular and reads as an afterthought clause

```suggestion
For organizations that remain multi-organization, Organizational Groups introduces centralized governance across organizations, which reduces the operational overhead of running multiple organizations.
```

## Centralize governance across organizations

Organizational Groups lets administrators manage multiple Datadog organizations as a single unit. Instead of configuring roles, policies, and settings individually per organization, administrators define them once at the group level and push them to member organizations.

- **View and manage organizations in a group.** See all member organizations from the group and navigate between them.
- **Push policies from group to member organizations.** Define custom roles, access policies, and session settings in the owner organization and apply them to member organizations.

> {{< img src="account_management/org-groups-policies.png" alt="Organization Settings in Datadog showing the Organizational Groups policies section" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: alt text must end with a period (accessibility; it gives screenreaders a chance to pause before continuing)

```suggestion
{{< img src="account_management/org-groups-policies.png" alt="Organization Settings in Datadog showing the Organizational Groups policies section." style="width:100%;" >}}
```

## How it works

### Organization types

Every organization in an organizational group falls into at least one of the following types:

> | Types | Description |

Reviewer: each row describes one type

```suggestion
| Type | Description |
```

| ---------- | ----------------- |
| **Owner** | Creates and manages the organizational group. Sets policies and enforcement tiers for all member organizations. |
| **Member** | Governed by the group. An organization belongs to exactly one organizational group at a time. An owner organization can also be a member of its own organizational group. |

> Admins in the owner organization have access to the **Organizational Groups** page in **Organization Settings**, where they can manage group members and policies.

Reviewer: the page uses "administrators" everywhere else

```suggestion
Administrators in the owner organization have access to the **Organizational Groups** page in **Organization Settings**, where they can manage group members and policies.
```

### Organizational group policies

An organizational group policy targets a specific organization configuration and pairs it with a value and an enforcement tier. Policies are created by the owner organization and applied to all member organizations.

#### Enforcement tiers

Each organizational group policy has an enforcement tier that controls how much latitude member organizations have:

| Tier | Behavior |
| --- | --- |
| **Group managed** | The group value is locked across all member organizations. No per-organization deviation is allowed. |
| **Override allowed** | The group sets a baseline value. Member organizations can change the setting in their own organization settings. |

> {{< img src="account_management/org-groups-create-policy.png" alt="Organization Settings in Datadog showing the Organizational Groups policy creation" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: more alt text 

```suggestion
{{< img src="account_management/org-groups-create-policy.png" alt="Organization Settings in Datadog showing the Organizational Groups policy creation." style="width:100%;" >}}
```

## Apply Organizational Groups

### For new multi-organization deployments

If your use case requires multi-organization, Organizational Groups gives you centralized controls to manage it from a single owner organization.

### For existing multi-organization customers considering consolidation

Organizational Groups provides a middle path. If full consolidation is impractical, Organizational Groups brings many of the benefits of a single organization without requiring migration. These benefits include centralized policy management, reduced configuration drift, and simpler user management.

Contact your account team to discuss early access to Organizational Groups.

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: `Limitations` isn't a sub-topic of "Apply Organizational Groups." promote it to its own H2. it also makes constraints easier to find via search and AI retrieval

```suggestion
## Limitations
```

> Organizational Groups supports single-region groups only. Organizations in different regions must be managed in separate organizational groups within their region.

Reviewer: place "only" directly before what it modifies

```suggestion
Organizational Groups supports only single-region groups. Organizations in different regions must be managed in separate organizational groups within their region.
```
